README.md, before:

# STOS Basic Language Support
Syntax support for the STOS Basic language from the Atari ST, along with popular extensions such as Misty, Missing Link and Ninja Tracker.  Although this extension can be run independantly, you can enjoy an enhanced experience by also installing RScript.
## Features
- Syntax highlighting
- Autocompletion
- Command hints
- STOS colour theme

## Future release
- Syntax checking
- Snippets
- RScript integration
- Emulator integration

## STOS: The Game Creator
![Sample](./images/STOS.jpg)  
**Created by**  
Francois Lionet  

**Published by**  
Mandarin Software    

## STOS Basic Language Support for Visual Studio Code
**Created and Developed by**  
Neil Halliday  
  
**Beta Testing by**  
Geoff Harrison  
Bruno Azzara  
Michael Keenleyside  

![Sample light](./images/STOSCoders-dark.png)  
**https://stoscoders.com**  
**https://facebook.com/groups/stoscoders**      

## RScript
**Created and developed by**  
Baptiste Bideaux

For more information, please visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cO6hO3XNPW0

Commit message:

Update to alpha testing list.

README.md, after:

# STOS Basic Language Support
Syntax support for the STOS Basic language from the Atari ST, along with popular extensions such as Misty, Missing Link and Ninja Tracker.  Although this extension can be run independantly, you can enjoy an enhanced STOS coding experience by installing RScript.
## Features
- Syntax highlighting
- Autocompletion
- Command hints
- STOS colour theme

## Future release
- Syntax checking
- Snippets
- RScript integration
- Emulator integration

## STOS: The Game Creator
![Sample](./images/STOS.jpg)  
**Created by**  
Francois Lionet  

**Published by**  
Mandarin Software    

## STOS Basic Language Support for Visual Studio Code
**Created and Developed by**  
Neil Halliday  
  
**Alpha Testing by**  
###### (in order of signing up!)
Geoff Harrison  

![Sample light](./images/STOSCoders-dark.png)  
**https://stoscoders.com**  
**https://facebook.com/groups/stoscoders**      

## RScript
**Created and developed by**  
Baptiste Bideaux

For more information on RScript check out Babtiste's YouTube video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cO6hO3XNPW0
